<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="ePKiQeCG"><title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h3">Dashboard</title><body><p>The dashboard is the landing page for <b>metR</b> administrators. It gives an overview of important information about the organization's DITA projects. You can see details about user activity, project assignments, Virtual Machine (VM) specifications, and file management. It also shows recent updates and notifications from GitHub. It helps administrators keep track of projects and work together effectively. The dashboard is easy to navigate and provides helpful information for managing DITA projects in metR.</p><p>Here’s an overview of the dashboard:</p><table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1"/><colspec colname="c2"/><tbody><row><entry><p><b>Item</b></p></entry><entry><p><b>Description</b></p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Users</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the number of inactive or active users or collaborators working on various DITA projects in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Projects</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the DITA projects assigned to users.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Virtual Machines(VMs)</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the Virtual Machine (VM) specifications.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Files</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the number of files you assign to various users in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recent Release Logs</p></entry><entry><p>You can download the recent release logs with other information like the output format, the date of release, and other details.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recent Notifications</p></entry><entry><p>You can download the recent GitHub commits made in the last 24 hours.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></topic>