<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topics id="main_bo_kj1q9q">
  <title class="- topic/title ">Main Book Title</title>
  <titlealts>Alternate Title</titlealts>
  <body>
    <topic>
      <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h1">Chapter 1</title>
      <body>
        <p><b>Strong/Bold Style - metR</b> is a cloud application developed by <b>Metapercept Technology Services</b> to ease your unstructured document migration tasks without much effort. It offers editing, styling, and publishing features tailored for DITA projects in PDF and HTML output formats. As a Technical Publication Manager, you can delegate document design and layout tasks to your team of technical writers, eliminating the need to hire an XSLT developer or outsource DITA output designing work.(Normal/Para Style)</p>
        <note>
          <p>Quote/Note Style Your team can efficiently handle these tasks without requiring XSLT, CSS, or JavaScript. Additionally, metR enables you to manage user roles within your team, assigning specific responsibilities for content migration, PDF and HTML styling, or on-demand document publication.</p>
        </note>
        <p>Effortless Document Migration: Seamlessly migrate unstructured document formats like .docx, .html, and markdown to DITA-XML.</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Streamlined Document Management: Manage document migration projects without using expensive CMS or source control software.</li>
          <li>Customizable Styling: Elevate your document's presentation with customizable styling options, ensuring consistency and professionalism.</li>
          <li>Flexible Publishing Options: Publish your document in HTML and PDF formats, meeting diverse publication requirements.</li>
          <li>Intuitive Editing: Edit your projects using intuitive editing tools, simplifying the document workflow.</li>
          <li>WYSIWYG Editing: Make edits to your documents effortlessly with the What You See Is What You Get (WYSIWYG) editor.</li>
          <li>Integrated Styling: Style your documents seamlessly using the integrated HTML and PDF stylers.</li>
          <li>Efficient Publication: Publish your DITA documents in HTML5 and PDF formats, enhancing accessibility and readability.</li>
        </ul>
      </body>
      <topic>
        <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h2">Product Overview</title>
        <body>
          <p><b>metR</b> is a product suite with multiple components for performing different tasks.</p>
          <ul>
            <li>DocMigration</li>
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
            <li>DocStyler</li>
            <li>DocMigration</li>
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
            <li>DocStyler</li>
          </ul>
          <p><b>metR</b> comes with a default <b>DocManager</b> and a client administrator dashboard.</p>
          <ul>
            <li>DocMigration</li>
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
            <li>DocStyler</li>
            <li>DocMigration</li>
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
            <li>DocStyler</li>
            <li>DocMigration</li>
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
            <li>DocStyler</li>
          </ul>
          <p>The metR administrator dashboard facilitates the user to create, modify, and remove user roles for performing different tasks using different components.</p>
          <p>This online help will refer to the user with the metR admin role as the client administrator or the administrator.</p>
          <p>Let’s have the client administrator overview.</p>
        </body>
      </topic>
      <topic>
        <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h2">Component Overview</title>
        <body>
          <p><b>metR</b> comes with various components for a seamless experience. This section gives you an overview of <xref href="#_Client_Administrator">Client Administrator</xref> and Client User.</p>
        </body>
        <topic>
          <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h3"><xref id="_Client_Administrator" scope="external" format="html"/>Client Admin</title>
          <body>
            <p>As the technical publication team manager, you can assign DITA projects and roles to the technical writers in your team. You will also be able to manage the projects and the profiles of the users, administrators, and the organization. You will be the primary point of contact between the metR support team and the users in your <xref href="#fig1">team</xref>.</p>
            <note>
              <p>Let’s look at the UI components to manage the DITA projects.</p>
            </note>
          </body>
        </topic>
        <topic>
          <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h3">Header</title>
          <body>
            <p>Use the header elements to edit your profile information, collapse the navigation panel, and sign out of the current <b>metR</b> session.</p>
          </body>
        </topic>
        <topic>
          <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h3">Dashboard</title>
          <body>
            <p>The dashboard is the landing page for <b>metR</b> administrators. It gives an overview of important information about the organization's DITA projects. You can see details about user activity, project assignments, Virtual Machine (VM) specifications, and file management. It also shows recent updates and notifications from GitHub. It helps administrators keep track of projects and work together effectively. The dashboard is easy to navigate and provides helpful information for managing DITA projects in metR.</p>
            <p>Here’s an overview of the dashboard:</p>
            <table>
              <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1"/>
                <colspec colname="c2"/>
                <tbody>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>
                        <b>Item</b>
                      </p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>
                        <b>Description</b>
                      </p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Users</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can view the number of inactive or active users or collaborators working on various DITA projects in the organization.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Projects</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can view the DITA projects assigned to users.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Virtual Machines(VMs)</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can view the Virtual Machine (VM) specifications.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Files</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can view the number of files you assign to various users in the organization.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Recent Release Logs</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can download the recent release logs with other information like the output format, the date of release, and other details.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                    <entry>
                      <p>Recent Notifications</p>
                    </entry>
                    <entry>
                      <p>You can download the recent GitHub commits made in the last 24 hours.</p>
                    </entry>
                  </row>
                </tbody>
              </tgroup>
            </table>
          </body>
        </topic>
        <topic>
          <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h3">Navigation Panel</title>
          <body>
            <p>As the organization administrator, you can perform various management and administration tasks using the navigation panel. Here’s a look at the navigation panel and its functionalities:</p>
            <p>
              <b>IMPORTANT: You will have default access to DocManager. However, other metR components are available if you have purchased them. Discuss with your project admin to know more about other components.</b>
            </p>
          </body>
        </topic>
      </topic>
    </topic>
    <topic>
      <title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h1">
        <b>
          <b>Adding Users</b>
        </b>
      </title>
      <body>
        <ol>
          <li>Clicking Projects in the navigation panel will display all your assigned DITA projects in the Projects area.</li>
          <li>Note: If your project is not visible on the page, use the file viewer to browse the projects or use the search box.</li>
          <li>Click to view the user you assigned to the project along with the user’s role. You can also view the commit and release details.</li>
          <li>Click to the right of the page to add a user to the project.</li>
          <li>Select a user from the user dropdown menu.</li>
          <li>Select the checkboxes to assign a project-based role to the user. Select DocManager for all the users. You can select multiple other roles from DocPublisher, DocEditor, and DocMigration.</li>
          <li>Click Submit to view the page with a refreshed list of the newly added users. You’ll receive a success notification in the top right corner of the page. The user list displays the newly added user.</li>
        </ol>
      </body>
    </topic>
  </body>
</topics>