<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="102iduo5"><title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h2">Product Overview</title><body><p><b>metR</b> is a product suite with multiple components for performing different tasks.</p><ul><li>DocMigration [List 1 unordered]</li><li>DocManager</li><li>DocEditor<ul><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler</li><li>DocMigration[List 2 unordered]</li><li>DocManager<ul><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler</li><li>DocMigration[List 3 unordered]</li><li>DocManager</li><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul><p><b>metR</b> comes with a default <b>DocManager</b> and a client administrator dashboard.</p><ol><li>DocMigration [List 1 order]</li><li>DocManager</li><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler<ol><li>DocMigration [List 2 order]</li><li>DocManager</li><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler<ol><li>DocMigration [List 3 order]</li><li>DocManager</li><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler</li><li>DocMigration<ol><li>DocManager [List 4 order]</li><li>DocEditor</li><li>DocPublisher</li><li>DocStyler</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><p>DocManager [List 5 order]</p><p>DocEditor</p><p>DocPublisher</p><p>DocStyler</p><table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1"/><colspec colname="c2"/><tbody><row><entry><p>Item</p></entry><entry><p>Description</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Users</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the number of inactive or active users or collaborators working on various DITA projects in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Projects</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the DITA projects assigned to users.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Virtual Machines(VMs)</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the Virtual Machine (VM) specifications.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Files</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the number of files you assign to various users in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recent Release Logs</p></entry><entry><p>You can download the recent release logs with other information like the output format, the date of release, and other details.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recent Notifications</p></entry><entry><p>You can download the recent GitHub commits made in the last 24 hours.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1"/><colspec colname="c2"/><tbody><row><entry namest="c1" nameend="c2"><p>Description</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Users</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the number of inactive or active users or collaborators working on various DITA projects in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Projects</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the DITA projects assigned to users.</p></entry></row><row><entry rowspan="4"><p>Virtual Machines(VMs)</p></entry><entry><p>You can view the Virtual Machine (VM) specifications.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>You can view the number of files you assign to various users in the organization.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>You can download the recent release logs with other information like the output format, the date of release, and other details.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>You can download the recent GitHub commits made in the last 24 hours.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
    
    
</body></topic>