<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
          <!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
             <topic id="Q0342337"><title class="- topic/title " outputclass="h1">Instructions</title><body><p>Copy these steps into SAPPM - Instructions with (*) indicate the presence of related images in the Appendix</p><ol><li>Before starting the work instruction activity, perform the following steps:<ol><li>Do not begin these tasks without confirmation that the personnel directly involved have completed the required training associated with the work instruction activity and have reviewed this document.</li><li>Gather necessary tools and equipment as identified below in the Equipment Section.</li><li>Wear and use any additional Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and safety equipment required for this specific work instruction.</li><li>Obey all applicable safety requirements and procedures.</li><li>Notify the appropriate personnel of the activity and the estimated time needed to complete the tasks.</li></ol></li><li>During a job change, while there are no containers in the lehr, perform the following tasks:<ol><li>Clean or replace the spray guns.</li><li>Clean the drip pans.</li><li>Clean the sensors.</li><li>Confirm that the fluid filter is free of debris.</li></ol></li><li>During a job change, while there are no containers in the lehr, perform the following tasks:<ol><li>Align the sensors for the new containers.</li><li>Align the spray guns for the new containers.</li><li>Ensure that the timing is correct for the backup spray (if applicable).</li><li>Set the timing adjustment for the spray trigger (if applicable).</li><li>Set the cold end coating flow rate.</li><li>Confirm that the temperatures recorded at the containers are as specified.</li></ol></li><li>Upon completion of tasks, perform the following steps:<ol><li>Perform basic housekeeping duties.  Clean up the work space, tools, and equipment.  Dispose of trash.  Put tools and equipment in their assigned areas.</li><li>Notify the appropriate personnel that the work instruction activity has been completed.</li><li>Record and report findings and results.</li><li>Follow the appropriate instructions for notification of findings and results relating to specifications, targets, and/or reaction limits.</li></ol></li></ol></body></topic>